A select compilation of Sugar Free Gummy Bears, 5LBS by Albanese Confectionery reviews taken from Amazon

1.0 out of 5 stars St. Diarrhea’s Day Massacre
Reviewed in the United States on February 24, 2019
I purchased these “Gummy Bears” thinking “Sounds like a nice purchase, 5 Lbs. of delicious candy for a decent price.. Can’t go wrong.” Unfortunately I had to learn the hard way.. IT CAN GO VERY WRONG!! First of all, I made the mistake of not reading the reviews before my purchase, and that was a mistake I will live with for the rest of my life due to the trauma I received after eating two handfuls of these. I was excited to try these first time and I will say this, they were surprisingly tasteful for being “Sugar Free” and I regretfully decided to try less than two handfuls within 5 minutes before I had to make a run to Walmart to purchase a few things that didn’t include a stockpile of toilet paper. Within 15 minutes of consuming these high powered laxatives, my stomach was making noises that I should have seen as a message from God warning me, “You should turn back around and go home.” I excused the funny feeling in my stomach, as I was on a mission to replace a Keurig machine that broke from Walmart. Yes I said it, “WALMART.” As I parked my car, I felt my stomach growing more agitated by the minute making gurgling noises that struck me as unusual but I proceeded into the store as I really wanted a new coffee machine..

GOD HELP ME.

I was literally in the middle of the store looking at small kitchen appliances before one loud gurgle after another and then I squeezed out a fart that began as a long squeak to a jet propulsion in a split-second that probably had some people in the store confuse the sound as a gunshot and probably had some of them ducking for cover. As my situation had just gone from a, on a 1-10 scale beginning with a 3, (I might need to use the bathroom at some point, I should make this trip quick.) to an instant 12 (I’m literally soiling myself in the middle of a Walmart with hand towels and shower towels as my only source of fabric to wipe my ass with) I said “F*** the Keurig” and I ditched my cart and went running all the way to the opposite end of the store to the bathroom while, what sounded and felt like, I had firecrackers exploding in my underwear, people were probably pointing at me while their kids are laughing and I finally made it to the bathroom to find one stall available..

The Hadicapped Stall.

Upon entering the bathroom stall while simultaneously crying and pulling my pants down I jumped on the toilet seat not realizing it was literally covered in urine and as I began opening the flood gates, releasing the evil that moments prior had begun rearranging my insides, I realized after the fact that there was no seat paper and I then I began holding on for dear life while begging God to kill me, sounding off gunshots out of my ass that most likely had people running out of the store..

USE THIS PRODUCT AT YOUR OWN RISK AND ASK YOURSELF, “WAS IF WORTH IT?” If the answer is yes, you should seek a mental health professional.

2.0 out of 5 stars Eat Cautiously!
Reviewed in the United States on May 1, 2019
Verified Purchase
All the rumors are true. I thought most of the funny reviews were fake. They're not. Irregardless, I was cautious when eating. I, according to a review on here, restricted myself to 10 gummies. The next day I was fine. What I didn't know is the culprit ingredient, Mannitol, because intestinal bacteria cannot metabolize it, lingers in the intestines. So when, in the 2nd day of eating 10, enough built up in my intestines to create a massive health problem. What is massive? 8 hours of intestinal violence, agony, and even though I quickly emptied my digestive contents, my innards writhed in exquisite agony trying to expunge the very last molecule of Mannitol. Yes it's as bad as salmonella poisoning. For the life of me, I don't know how these are legal to sell. My research revealed that if you eat a very small amount over a week, eventually you'll get a new strain of bacteria that can metabolize Mannitol, & that's what I'm aiming for. So far, 5 per day is working.

5.0 out of 5 stars Digestive overload!!!
Reviewed in the United States on February 18, 2019
Verified Purchase
Well I bought these fully well knowing the consequences of my actions. However the unforeseen events that followed include but are not limited to:
-My prize hunting dog unable to track due to the horrific stench of my bowels.
-My wife looking at me with cotton dipped in vicks vapo-rub shoved into each nostril
-The bathroom toilet holding up a picket sign saying it wants an increase in wages if it's going to keep putting up with my digestive system.
-A signed petition from my neighborhood asking to please put a stop to suburban whale calling at all hours of the night.

Best of luck!!!!!!
